com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/MatchCourse.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.MatchCourse
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/appsnipp/education/MainActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.MainActivity
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/FragmentAdminViewBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.FragmentAdminViewBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ItemPopularCoursePlayingBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ItemPopularCoursePlayingBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminRecyclerAdapter
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminRecyclerAdapter$Holder
com/appsnipp/education/App.java
 com.appsnipp.education.App
com/appsnipp/education/ui/helpers/GridSpacingItemDecoration.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.helpers.GridSpacingItemDecoration
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/Teacher.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Teacher
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Teacher$1
com/appsnipp/education/Constants.java
 com.appsnipp.education.Constants
com/appsnipp/education/ui/helpers/HorizontalMarginItemDecoration.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.helpers.HorizontalMarginItemDecoration
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/MyMatchesCourses.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.MyMatchesCourses
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminViewFragmentDirections.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragmentDirections
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityTeacherBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityTeacherBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/helpers/DarkModePrefManager.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.helpers.DarkModePrefManager
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityCourseStaggedBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityCourseStaggedBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ForgotDialogBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ForgotDialogBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/LayoutRegisterBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.LayoutRegisterBinding
com/appsnipp/education/TeacherActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.TeacherActivity
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menusearch/UploadsRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.UploadsRecyclerAdapter
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.UploadsRecyclerAdapter$Holder
com/appsnipp/education/BuildConfig.java
 com.appsnipp.education.BuildConfig
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ItemPagerCardBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ItemPagerCardBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/CardStudentFilesBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.CardStudentFilesBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/helpers/BottomNavigationBehavior.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.helpers.BottomNavigationBehavior
com/appsnipp/education/ui/adapter/MatchesCoursesAdapter.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.adapter.MatchesCoursesAdapter
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.adapter.MatchesCoursesAdapter$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.adapter.MatchesCoursesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminViewFragmentArgs.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragmentArgs
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragmentArgs$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragmentArgs$Builder
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/utils/MyUtilsApp.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.utils.MyUtilsApp
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menusearch/CourseTopicsViewPager.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.CourseTopicsViewPager
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.CourseTopicsViewPager$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.CourseTopicsViewPager$ViewHolder
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminFragmentDirections.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminFragmentDirections
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminFragmentDirections$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminFragmentDirections$ActionAdminhomeToAdminViewFragment
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/HomeCoursesFragmentDirections.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.HomeCoursesFragmentDirections
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.HomeCoursesFragmentDirections$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.HomeCoursesFragmentDirections$ActionStudenthomeToFileViewFragment
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/FileViewFragment.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragment
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragment$RetrivePDFfromUrl
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityProfileDetailBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityProfileDetailBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/CourseCard.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.CourseCard
com/appsnipp/education/AdminActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.AdminActivity
com/appsnipp/education/StudentActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.StudentActivity
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/FragmentFileViewBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.FragmentFileViewBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminViewFragment.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragment
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragment$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminViewFragment$RetrivePDFfromUrl
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/FragmentMatchesCoursesBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.FragmentMatchesCoursesBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityAdminBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityAdminBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ItemCardBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ItemCardBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menucourses/AdminFragment.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menucourses.AdminFragment
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/FragmentCoursesStaggedBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.FragmentCoursesStaggedBinding
com/appsnipp/education/LoginActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.LoginActivity
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/FilesRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FilesRecyclerAdapter
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FilesRecyclerAdapter$Holder
com/appsnipp/education/ui/listeners/MatchCourseClickListener.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.listeners.MatchCourseClickListener
com/appsnipp/education/ProfileDetailActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ProfileDetailActivity
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityDashboardCourseBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityDashboardCourseBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/Student.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Student
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Student$1
com/appsnipp/education/Utils.java
 com.appsnipp.education.Utils
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/FragmentHomeCoursesBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.FragmentHomeCoursesBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/listeners/CoursesItemClickListener.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.listeners.CoursesItemClickListener
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/LayoutLoginBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.LayoutLoginBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/Profile.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Profile
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Profile$1
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/CardCourseItemBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.CardCourseItemBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ItemShopCardBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ItemShopCardBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/FileViewFragmentArgs.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragmentArgs
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragmentArgs$1
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragmentArgs$Builder
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/FileViewFragmentDirections.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.FileViewFragmentDirections
com/appsnipp/education/SplashActivity.java
 com.appsnipp.education.SplashActivity
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/Request.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Request
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Request$1
com/appsnipp/education/ui/menusearch/TeacherUploadFragment.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.menusearch.TeacherUploadFragment
com/appsnipp/education/ui/model/Pdf.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Pdf
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.model.Pdf$1
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ActivityStudentBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ActivityStudentBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/ItemPopularCourseBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.ItemPopularCourseBinding
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/appsnipp/education/ui/student_fragment/HomeCoursesFragment.java
 com.appsnipp.education.ui.student_fragment.HomeCoursesFragment
com/appsnipp/education/databinding/CardFrutorialsBinding.java
 com.appsnipp.education.databinding.CardFrutorialsBinding
